title: 'Resreach Process'
date: 2025-01-09
collection: Posts
permalink: /posts/2025-01-09/blog-post-1/
<iframe src="https://www.linkedin.com/embed/feed/update/urn:li:share:7283121469327331328" height="1551" width="504" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="" title="Embedded post"></iframe>
tags: 
  - Urban Studies
  - Research
  - Intership
---

I want to make some refleaction on my Intership research process during automn semester and I hope it would be insightful for those who are just like me making fisrt step in resreach process.

A little background: For me, the autumn semester was an experimental semester. Why? Because it was my first time conducting research, even though it was within an internship framework. My topic was "Art and Cities," focusing specifically on: Which strategies do artists and art organizations develop to sustain a place for themselves in the city of Malmö? I chose this internship topic because I worked in the art sector back in my country and was surprised to see how similar some issues can be despite the geographical distance.

Writing Process : It's no secret that when you write an academic paper, you need to follow academic rules, which can be APA 7th edition or Harvard. The rules of academic writing are always changing and can sometimes be difficult to follow, especially the literature citation part. To be able to write not only academically but also grammatically, I attended Academic English writing courses at Malmö University, which were a great guide for me during the writing process.

Intreview process: For my research, I chose semi-structured interviews, which would not only open up the participants but also provide more in-depth information about the art sector and its challenges in Malmö city. I cannot say that my first interview with Malmö Open Studio was perfect, but with the guidance of my supervisor, I was able to understand the mistakes I made during the interview. At the same time, I learned that Malmö city has a perfect platform to become a cultural hub and attract businesses like the gaming industry and others.

Overall: In conclusion, I am very happy that Malmö University gave me such a great opportunity to challenge myself and work on my personal development. The topic "Art and Cities" provides information not only for the artists in Malmö but can also be useful for those thinking of starting a startup in Malmö city. Each participant shared their experiences of how they established their studios and also gave advice on how to make the first step as an independent individual.

For those starting their research journey, I hope my reflections provide useful guidance and encouragement. Embrace the learning process, seek feedback, and remain open to adjustments as you navigate your research path.

Good read, the outlined consideration for further studies is exciting
======




